you
this is the Mississippi State
Correctional Institution
where you lose your freedom where you do
hard time there is no escaping from here
there is no recreation here there is no
fun here but all of that is about to
change life oh you mean like hell no I
dunno I blame you for everything
great hey Bob hey working huh go eat
your corn bread
you can't have my corn bread I'm from
New York City you're gonna be
consequences and repercussions I told
you what my plan where'd you go Tim
what's your plan what you working on
funny I want to have you on my back we
get a tea call it's a map tell me you
don't know where we're going
this April
Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence are
getting all the ways
right
you made me fall off just talking to
your hair every times that I almost fall
will you don't you stop just don't say
that to me you got to make me fall great
hotel and don't say nothing
oh he's am one of my toes in the Bowery